That's great.
Signed successfully.
- You can go.
Hey, what are you doing?
Do you really think I want you to pay back the hundred million?
I was always trying to help out.
Why? Is that watch fake?
The watch is real, of course.
Try to bring it may be fake.
There's not that much money.
Didn't you see the receipt?
It's worth it.
Song Ye, I want to talk to Gu in two sentences.
Then I'll wait for you outside.
You're welcome, I'll go myself.
Call me if you have anything.
You two.
Good relationship.
We've known each other since we were kids.
Try to sum up this contract
You can redraw it. No need.
I'm not short of this money.
It's not a shortage problem.
I thought you didn't want me to help you?
Of course not.
I'm grateful.
But the money is too big.
I don't want to take advantage of you.
Not taking advantage
The Spanish client you spoke to me last time
More than a hundred million orders.
If you were here
Can make me countless hundreds of millions.
Say that.
Okay?